Fulbright
 The Fulbright Program provides funding for students, scholars, teachers, and professionals to undertake graduate study, research, university teaching, and teaching in elementary and secondary schools.
http://www.iie.org/fulbright

Fulbright U.S. Student Program
The Fulbright U.S. Student Program provides grants for individually designed study/research projects or for English Teaching Assistant Programs.
Fulbright U.S. Student Adviser
Name of Person  |  email@emailaddress.edu

Fulbright Scholar Program
The Fulbright Scholar Program provides funding to faculty and experienced professionals in a wide variety of academic and professional fields.
For additional international engagement, the Outreach Lecturing Fund, part of the Fulbright Scholar Program, allows U.S. institutions to invite Visiting Fulbright Scholars to conduct lectures for students, faculty, and community partners.
Fulbright Scholar Liaison:  Name of Person
Title of Person  |  email@emailaddress.edu

Fulbright Foreign Student Program
The Fulbright Foreign Student Program enables graduate students, young professionals, and artists from abroad to study and conduct research in the United States.
*The Foreign Language Teaching Assistant (FLTA) program provides early career educators from around the world with the opportunity to teach their native language and serve as cultural ambassadors on campuses across the United States.

Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs
The Fulbright Program is sponsored by the U.S. Department of State, Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs.
http://eca.state.gov/fulbright










Institute of International Education
An independent, not-for-profit organization founded in 1919, IIE is a world leader in the international exchange of people and ideas. IIE designs and implements programs of study and training for students, educators, young professionals and trainees from all sectors with funding from government agencies, foundations, and corporations. IIE has a network of 19 offices and affiliates worldwide, and over 1,400 member institutions.
www.iie.org

Confucius China Studies Program
The Confucius China Studies Program provides funding for doctoral students in a China-focused field within the arts, education, humanities, and social sciences to conduct dissertation research or pursue a doctoral degree in China.
www.iie.org/ccsp


Global E3
The Global Engineering Education Exchange Program provides study abroad opportunities to engineering students at member universities.
www.iie.org/programs/globale3


Whitaker International Program
The Whitaker International Program sends emerging leaders in U.S. biomedical engineering (or bioengineering) overseas to undertake a self-designed project that will enhance their careers within the field.
www.whitaker.org

Ciencia
The Brazil Scientific Mobility Program (BSMP) is a one-year, non-degree program for Brazilian students to study abroad in the United States. BSMP is part of the Brazilian government’s larger initiative to grant 100,000 Brazilian university students the opportunity to study abroad at the world’s best colleges and universities.
www.iie.org/programs/Brazil-Scientific-Mobility


Scholar Rescue Fund
The Scholar Rescue Fund supports visiting appointments for threatened scholars to continue their work safely at partnering academic institutions worldwide. At the heart of IIE-SRF is the idea that each scholar we help who continues his or her work in safety is a beacon of hope in our world.
www.scholarrescuefund.org


Gilman Scholarship Program
The Gilman Scholarship Program aims to diversify the kinds of students who study abroad and the countries and 
regions where they go by offering awards to U.S. undergraduates who might otherwise not participate due 
to financial constraints.
Sponsored by the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs
http://www.iie.org/programs/gilman


Boren Awards 
Boren Awards focus on countries, languages, and fields critical to U.S. national security.
Sponsored by the National Security Education Program
www.borenawards.org

IIENetwork
Member institutions benefit from publications, member resources, discounts, and sharing best practices. For more information on becoming an IIENetwork member, please visit our website.
  IIENetwork Member
www.iie.org/programs/Who-We-Are/IIENetwork-Membership

Generation Study Abroad
Generation Study Abroad is a five-year initiative with the goal of doubling the number of U.S. students studying abroad by the end of the decade. GSA highlights IIE’s commitment to study abroad and encourages purposeful, innovative action to get more Americans to undertake a meaningful international experience through academic study abroad programs, as well as internships, service learning, and non-credit educational experiences.
  GSA Partner
www.iie.org/programs/Generation-Study-Abroad



All information valid as of July 20, 2015   |   www.iie.org   |   http://www.iie.org/Research-and-Publications/Open-Doors

